c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\angularEx.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\angularEx.pdb
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\obj\Debug\angularEx.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\obj\Debug\angularEx.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\obj\Debug\angularEx.pdb
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\angularEx.dll.config
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\angularEx.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\angularEx.pdb
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\obj\Debug\angularEx.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\obj\Debug\angularEx.pdb
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\Pojects\angularEx\angularEx\obj\Debug\angularEx.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\angularEx.dll.config
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\angularEx.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\angularEx.pdb
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\obj\Debug\angularEx.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\obj\Debug\angularEx.pdb
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\obj\Debug\angularEx.Migrations.InitialMigration.resources
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\AngularDotNetToDoExample\angularEx\angularEx\obj\Debug\angularEx.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
